fix: correct typos and improve clarity in AI documentation (#42662)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai/going-to-prod.mdx

sidebar_label: 'Going to Production'
---

> This guide will help you prepare your application for production. We'll provide actionable steps to help you scale your application, ensure that it is reliable, can handle the load, and provide optimal accuracy for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide helps you prepare your application for production. It provides actionable steps to help you scale your application, ensure that it is reliable, can handle the load, and provide optimal accuracy for your use case.
```
